hi guys so today we're gonna be making
this adorable yarn art I think this is
the perfect thing to hang over a baby's
crib because it's super lightweight and
you can customize it to the colours of
your nursery today I'm gonna be making
one for Lincoln's room in our new house
I'm Brooke and I'm passionate about
making beautiful things for my family on
a budget here's what you're going to
need some yarn and you can choose as
fewer as many colors as you'd like a
wooden dowel or tree branch some
scissors and a measuring tape and a rope
or leather string to hang your piece of
end so the first thing you're gonna want
to do is cut your yarn I have kind of a
design in my head so think about how
many colors you're gonna want to use it
how you're gonna space them out and then
you can always tweak it a little bit at
the end so I'm gonna cut one piece of
yarn to 40 inches and I just measured it
with the tape measure make the cut this
piece is going to be your template and
then you're gonna take your ball of yarn
and just measure another piece the exact
same length make a cut and then continue
to do that until you have as many pieces
as you want for that color and it goes
really quickly feel free to ask your
eighteen month old to help so once you
have all your yarn cut you're ready to
attach it to your branch or dowel I like
to using a branch because I think it
gives it a cool organic look however we
don't have any trees in our backyard so
I may have snuck over to my neighbors
and borrowed one promise I'll bring this
back it's really easy to attach the yarn
you simply fold it in half lay it over
the top of your branch and then pull the
two sides through just like that so I'm
just gonna continue this until I have
all my string attached
[Music]
yay so we're done attaching the string
and this is kind of what it should look
like and now we're gonna lay it down and
trim the bottom to create our shape I'm
going to use a piece of string as a
guide for where to cut
[Music]
we're finally done all we have to do now
is attach the strap to hang it and once
it's hanging it's really easy to go back
and trim any loose edges all right guys
I'm so happy to finally have something
to hang over Lincoln's crib and I love
that it's handmade I really hope you
guys will give this a try thanks so much
for watching don't forget to subscribe
and I'll see you next Friday bye
can you show mommy how you go
night-night
oh 9 night baby see you in the morning
[Music]
you